ENGL 2880: Expository Writing
“Call of Duty”1: Feeling Masculine in the Crusading West
Spring 2024, M/W 2:55-4:10 PM
Uris Hall 260
Instructor Info
Lisa D. Camp, M.A.
Dept. of Literatures in English
lc939@cornell.edu
Office Hours: M/W, 12-1 PM
Office hours will be held on Zoom and can be accessed through Canvas
You can schedule a 30-minute appointment with me during office hours at
http://www.calendly.com/lisadcamp. If these times do not work for you, please e-mail me to
schedule an appointment. Note that office hours are drop-in, but that students with
appointments will take priority.
Syllabus Table of Contents
Instructor Info
Course Description
Learning Objectives
Land Acknowledgement
Course Policies & Procedures
Required Texts
Grading
Assignments
Spring 2024 “CoD” Expository Writing Weekly Tasks
Spring 2024 “CoD” Expository Writing Schedule
1 Use of the phrase “call of duty” is permissible pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 107. Activision’s Call of Duty®
franchise serves a citational purpose in a class about the broader concept of a social “call of duty” across time
and geography. Citations from the franchise thus serve educational purposes and are minimal such that they
do not compromise the integrity of the entirety of the texts from which citations come.
Course Description
From medieval European crusading poems to the reboot of Activision’s Call of Duty®
franchise, Western society’s perpetual “call of duty” has continually reimagined links
between militancy, masculinity, and feelings. This course will examine cultural messages
about what masculinity “feels” like, what men are “supposed” to do with their feelings, and
what place feelings have in Western crusading culture. Exploring texts featuring men and
feelings on and off the battlefield from medieval poetry, video games, James Baldwin, Toni
Morrison, and DC and Marvel, we’ll explore connections between gender, race, war, peace,
and feelings. Maintaining a critical eye for propaganda, recruitment tactics, and military-
funded media production, we’ll investigate Western cultural investments in linking
masculinity and feelings and how our own media consumption potentially reinforces toxic
standards.
Learning Objectives
After successfully completing this course, students will be able to:
• Close read and analyze various forms of media (e.g., print/digital text, visual media,
film, etc.) for their similarities and differences in storytelling, including a unique
medium’s abilities and limits;
• Identify, close read, and analyze distinct cultural elements and their effects on a
given text’s method of storytelling;
• Analyze mentor texts to identify and replicate commonalities of expository writing in
various genres relevant for the student’s discipline or other writing interests;
• Analyze and discuss various writing strategies and processes to develop an initial
writing practice that is appropriate and applicable to the student’s discipline or other
writing interests;
• Develop the ability to close read and analyze literature and other media;
• Develop various stages of the writing process, including prewriting, drafting, and
revision;
• Think critically about various modes of writing and stylistic choices and mobilize such
choices in writing as appropriate for various audiences and writing exigencies;
• Articulate and develop argumentative analyses using theses and supporting
evidence.
Land Acknowledgement
I acknowledge the Gayogohó:no (Cayuga Nation)—one of the six Haudenosaunee nations—
and their traditional, unceded, stolen homelands on which I now live and Cornell University
resides. I recognize my participation in settler colonialism given what it means that me and
mine have not been custodians of these lands since time immemorial. I also acknowledge
the documented and undocumented histories of displacement, enslavement, economic
refugeeism, disaster migration, and conquest present in my own lineage, perpetrated by my
ancestors. I acknowledge that these lands should be returned to their original inhabitants.
Course Policies & Procedures
In this course, we will strive to create a community of learning where each of us are both
learners and instructors. Our community will foster a respectful learning environment in
which we will practice personal and academic integrity, respect the dignity of all people, and
strive to create a community of belonging across various levels of diversity, including
disciplinary (academic), cultural, social, ideological, and experiential diversities.
Safe Spaces
My goal as an instructor is always to foster an environment conducive to inclusivity. While
the form of inclusivity which I try to promote does not preclude criticism or critical analysis,
in my classroom, I work to provide a safe space specifically for BIPOC students, international
students, members of the LGBTQ+ community, and disabled students/students with
disabilities. In order to provide safety for these students, as your instructor I will not tolerate
blatant and purposeful white supremacy and its related ideologies (e.g., neo-Nazism, etc.),
misogyny, xenophobia, homophobia, racism, ableism, and/or other forms of identity-based
hatred.
If ever you feel that I am failing to uphold this commitment to a safe space—either by
missing something a student has said, failing to address troubling rhetoric in the moment, or
by any other method—you are always welcome to let me know. We will establish our own
community methods of addressing any troubling statements or ideas during the first week of
class, but I am always available for students to voice concerns of this nature.
Courteous Listening (adapted from Instructor Abby Sprenkle)
We are all continually working on knowing how to support one another and to discuss
cultures which are not our own. While we may make mistakes, my expectation is that you
will try to avoid microaggressions, rudeness, and dismissiveness. I ask that you seek to
listen courteously, which means avoiding discourteous listening behaviors such as refusing
to acknowledge when someone is speaking, commenting on someone’s name, not using
someone’s pronouns, deriding their surroundings in potential Zoom calls, installing
inappropriate or harassing Zoom backgrounds, or in some other way undermining the
cultures, identities, and/or backgrounds represented in this class.
Attendance
Students are expected to attend class regularly and on time, and to participate in class
discussions and activities. For this class you are allotted six (6) absences, which is a total of
three (3) weeks of class time. For these absences, you are not obligated to communicate
with me why you are missing class—they are yours to use as you deem necessary. Absences
in excess of this allotment may result in a reduction of the student’s participation grade.
However, I am not unreasonable, and recognize that there may be extenuating
circumstances which require absence from class. If you anticipate that you will exceed your
absence allotment, please communicate with me in advance so that we can negotiate how
you will approach any work or discussions missed.
All religious and interfaith holidays and holy days are excused—even in excess of your
absence allotment. I simply ask that you communicate your absence for these purposes in
advance of the holiday or holy day. A list of religious and interfaith holidays and holy days for
2023 can be found at https://www.interfaith-calendar.org/2023.html.
Use of Electronics
My plan is that we will use technology consistently throughout the semester. However, I do
not assume “digital nativism”—that is, I do not assume that we are all on the same playing
field in relation to what technologies we are familiar with, comfortable with, and able to use.
We will approach technology in this class with a flexible mindset, especially regarding
access. In that regard, while watching video gameplay will be assigned in part of the course,
you are not expected to have the resources or expertise necessary to play these video
games yourselves.
You are welcome to use your laptops in this class, and there will be class days which will
require them—all of which are marked on the syllabus. There may be times when I will ask
you to close your laptops and/or to put them away in order to focus class discussion
elsewhere. I ask that you be mindful of other students’ needs in terms of seating for outlet
access for anyone who will need to charge their computers.
Cell phones represent a significant distraction to our class, unless used towards class
purposes. They must be silenced or turned off before you come to class. Excessive cell
phone disruptions may result in lowering a student’s class participation grade. If, for
whatever reason, you are anticipating a phone call during class time, please let me know
ahead of time. In such situations, you are not obligated to tell me why—you only need to let
me know it’s expected.
E-mail Etiquette
Many professional sectors use e-mail as a primary mode of communication and facilitating
daily processes, and higher education is no different. You are expected to check your e-mail
daily, but there are also unspoken expectations for how e-mail is used and how messages
are composed. Generally speaking, there is no such thing as an “emergency” in relation to
this class—true emergencies require calling 911—and everything we do for this class can be
completed during “standard” business hours. For me, this time frame is roughly 1-8 pm
Monday thru Friday, but on average I will respond to your e-mail within 24 to 48 hours, if at
least to say, “I’m working on this and will get back to you” (excluding weekends, during
which I may or may not respond). Very rarely some e-mails end up in the junk folder by
mistake, so in order to avoid your e-mail being lost to the void, you should only use your
Cornell e-mail address every time you e-mail me. If you have not heard back from me within
3 business days of your message, check your Drafts folder to make sure it was sent (we’ve
all been there, it’s okay!), and check in with me during class or office hours (if one e-mail is
lost, then a follow up is likely to have the same fate).
Remember that e-mails are not text or instant messages, which means that they generally
do not warrant an immediate response and that they come with certain expectations.
Specifically, your message should not simply be one line or just an attachment. There should
be a subject line (don’t agonize too much over this, though), some form of greeting in the
initial message, and a signature of some kind so that I know who you are.
Academic Integrity
Plagiarism is a serious offense and will result in receiving an F on the assignment and
possibly administrative action. The work you produce for this class should be a
representation of your own thoughts and opinions, written in your own words. If you quote or
paraphrase material from another writer or thinker, you must cite them appropriately.
Furthermore, the essays you produce for this course should be written exclusively for this
course; you may not reuse a paper that you wrote for another class. We will be discussing
good citation and paraphrasing practices in class, but I also suggest that you review
Cornell’s Code of Academic Integrity, cited below. If you have any questions about these
policies, please ask.
You may read Cornell’s Code of Academic Integrity at https://cuinfo.cornell.edu/aic.cfm.
Accommodations
Cornell University provides high quality services to students needing accommodations, and
we encourage you to take advantage of them. Students who need academic
accommodations should: (1) Register with and provide documentation to Student Disability
Services at https://sds.cornell.edu/get-started, and (2) discuss with the instructor the type
of academic or physical accommodations you need. Please do this as soon as possible,
preferably within the first week of class. All course materials are available in alternative
format upon request.
Mental Health Resources
Stress and mental health issues are some of the main things that can impact your academic
success. If during the course of this class you feel you are unable to succeed due to mental
health concerns, I encourage you to utilize the resources available to you on campus. More
information about these resources is available at
https://health.cornell.edu/services/mental-health-care. Furthermore, while we will be
talking about our feelings at various points of the class, if at any point you feel that you
would like to speak with a mental health professional, this is your starting point.
A note on the use of therapeutic materials in class: Early in the semester I will provide
Lindsay Braman’s “Emotional Sensation Feeling Wheel” as a tool for you to use in your
writing and class discussion. I offer this tool to provide you a resource for the kinds of
language you might use to describe feelings in this class and the kinds of body sensations
that might be attached to or related to feelings. This tool is not included in the class as a
way of promoting Braman’s work or the specific professional therapeutic context from which
it comes, although students may find it helpful in other areas. The use of this tool is also not
an invitation for students to trauma dump or otherwise treat the class as a therapeutic
space; neither I nor your classmates are trained mental health professionals.
Title IX Resources
Cornell University is committed to providing a safe, inclusive, and respectful learning, living,
and working environment for its students, faculty, and staff. To this end, through Cornell
University Policy 6.4, the university provides means to address bias, discrimination,
harassment, and sexual and related misconduct. For the current governing Cornell policy,
please see Cornell University Policy 6.4, “Prohibited Bias, Discrimination, Harassment, and
Sexual and Related Misconduct.” Laura Rugless (she/her[s]) is the Cornell University Title IX
Coordinator. She is also the Associate Vice President for the Office of Institutional Equity.
Her office is located at 150 Day Hall, 607-255-2242 (Main) and 607-255-2067 (Direct).
You should also be aware that all disclosures of gender-based harassment, sexual
harassment, sexual assault, domestic and dating violence, stalking, sexual exploitation, or
other forms of sexual misconduct to a staff or faculty member will be reported, as required
by Cornell Policy 6.4, to the Title IX Coordinator. Therefore, as an employee of Cornell
University, I am a mandated reporter, which means that if a student discloses an instance of
sexual assault or harassment to me, I am required to report it to the university. If you
experience or have experienced sexual harassment or assault, and you want to discuss with
someone who is allowed to keep it confidential, you can contact the RAINN hotline at 1-800-
656-4673, or chat. There are also several Confidential Resources for Support available at
Cornell and in the Ithaca Community, including Cornell Health (medical and mental health
providers), 607-255-5155; Cornell United Religious Work Chaplains (CURW, for pastoral
counseling), 607-55-6002; The Ithaca Advocacy Center’s 24/7 hotline, 607-277-5000; The
Cornell Victim Advocate, 607-255-1212, victimadvocate@cornell.edu; the Director of the
Women’s Resource Center, 607-255-0015, wrc@cornell.edu; the Director of the LGBT
Resource Center, 607-254-4987, lgbtrc@cornell.edu; and the university ombudsman, 607-
255-4321.
Cornell Writing Centers
The Cornell Writing Centers (CWC) provide support for individuals at any stage of the writing
process. It is a free resource available to everyone on campus—faculty, staff, graduate and
undergraduate students—for nearly any kind of writing project: applications, presentations,
lab reports, essays, papers, and more. Tutors (trained undergraduate and graduate
students) serve as responsive listeners and readers who can address questions about the
writing process or about particular pieces of writing. They can also consider questions of
confidence, critical reading, analytic thought, and imagination. Many writing tutors also have
experience working with multilingual writers.
For more information or to schedule an appointment, go to: https://cornell.mywconline.net.
Required Texts
Giovanni’s Room by James Baldwin (Knopf Doubleday, ISBN: 9780345806567)
Home by Toni Morrison (Knopf Doubleday, ISBN: 9780307594167)
Truth: Red, White and Black by Robert Morales (w) and Kyle Baker (i) (Marvel Comics, ISBN:
9780785110729)
Supplemental readings will be posted as accessible .PDF files on Canvas.
All digital texts (films, tv shows, gameplay recordings, etc.) are available as indicated in the
syllabus.
If you prefer to print readings, free printing can be found at a few locations around campus;
for example, you can find free printers in the Asian American Studies Resource Center in
422 Rockefeller Hall, the Student Development Diversity Initiatives Office in 626 Thurston
Ave, and in the OADI computer lab, CCC Building, Second Floor, Suite 200. Please check the
details of each location online to see their hours, COVID-19 policies, and page limits before
you go.
Grading
This course uses a “grade agreement,” which is a system of grades based primarily on your
labor and/or work completed. This means that your final letter grade will be the result of
your Participation and completion of the Formal Writing Assignments (outlined below), rather
than a subjective evaluation of your writing as compared to the writing of your peers (as
grades are typically assigned).
Grade agreements are valuable for a number of reasons, including that they:
• Offer you the opportunity to be experimental and exploratory in your writing—to take
risks, rather than only producing writing that is thought to be “correct” or doing
exactly and only “what the assignment requires;”
• Value the time and labor you decide to commit to the class;
• Provide you with a clear and concrete understanding of your grade at all times
throughout the semester (grades are simple and easy to calculate);
• Do not penalize or reward you for the level of knowledge about and/or experience
you have with writing and language prior to entering our class—all students have the
same potential to earn an A;
• Privilege students who are investing the time, energy, and effort into literacy learning.
While grading agreements focus on quantifiable outcomes (e.g., completed work,
attendance, etc.), that does not mean that you will not be expected to attend class,
participate in discussion, and work for quality analysis and writing. Grade agreements
function on the belief that quality writing is the result of one’s efforts at drafting, getting,
understanding, and incorporating feedback from others, and revising as necessary.
In assigning your grade for the course, I will be using the rubric below to track your work
throughout the semester. Note that this rubric considers a combination of factors for each
grade level, but those assignments marked with an asterisk (*) are higher priority and may
automatically move your grade to a lower level. If ever you have questions about your grade
in this class, please do not hesitate to ask.
Grading Scale
A: 90-100
B: 80-89
C: 70-79
D: 60-69
F: <60
Note that this class operates on a 10-point grading scale, and that I do not assign +/- values
for grades, including final grades for the course.
A-level work includes:
• Absences not exceeding the attendance policy (6 allowed absences), except where sufficiently
communicated to the instructor in a timely manner
• Completing all assignments affiliated with Participation (see below)*
• Completing all formal writing assignments in a timely manner according to the assignment
instructions, even when late submissions have been sufficiently communicated to the instructor*
• Revising the Final Project in accordance with peer and instructor feedback as aligned with your goals
for the final product and providing the requisite Revision Summary*
• Regularly participating in class by (1) being prepared to discuss assigned texts with your discussion
group and/or the larger group; (2) working closely with your assigned groups throughout the
semester; and (3) asking questions to clarify or deepen the conversation
• Writing thoughtful and specific answers to discussion board prompts and in response to your peers’
posts
• Working your best to grow as a writer, by regularly engaging in class, conferences, feedback on your
writing, and by seeking outside resources (e.g., the Writing Center, mentor texts) when appropriate
B-level work includes:
• Absences in slight excess (+1-2 absences) of the attendance policy, where excess absences are
insufficiently communicated to the instructor in a timely manner
• Completing 6/7 of the assignments affiliated with Participation (see below)*
• Completing all formal writing assignments in a timely manner according to the assignment
instructions, but with 1-2 late submissions insufficiently communicated to the instructor OR
completing all formal writing assignments in a timely manner but with 1-2 assignments not quite
according to the assignment instructions (e.g., meeting page length requirements, but missing the
analytical scope, etc.), with late submissions sufficiently communicated to the instructor*
• Revising the Final Project in accordance with peer and instructor feedback but either misaligned with
your goals as a writer (e.g., making changes because you were told to even though they conflict with
your goals for the piece) or without providing the requisite Revision Summary*
• Participating in class some of the time with uneven commitment to discussion groups and/or group
work
• Completing discussion board prompts and responses, but not being specific or writing
posts/responses which don’t really engage with the prompt (e.g., too short, too vague, unclear, etc.)
• Working to have good ideas—logic and thinking work—in formal writing assignments
C-level work includes:
• Attendance in excess (+3-5 absences) of the attendance policy, where excess absences are
insufficiently communicated to the instructor in a timely manner
• Completing 5/7 of the assignments affiliated with Participation (see below)*
• Completing all formal writing assignments in a timely manner according to the assignment
instructions, but with 3-4 late submissions insufficiently communicated to the instructor OR
completing all formal writing assignments in a timely manner but with 3-4 assignments not quite
according to the assignment instructions (e.g., meeting page length requirements, but missing the
analytical scope, etc.), with late submissions sufficiently communicated to the instructor*
• Minimally revising the Final Project in accordance with peer and instructor feedback without seriously
considering feedback provided and/or your goals as a writer and without providing the requisite
Revision Summary*
• Minimal participation in class with uneven or little commitment to discussion groups and/or group
work
• Completing discussion board prompts and responses, but only in ways that minimally engage with
the prompt and/or peers’ responses
D-level work includes:
• Absences in moderate excess (+6-10 absences) of the attendance policy, where excess absences
are insufficiently communicated to the instructor in a timely manner
• Completing 4/7 of the assignments affiliated with Participation (see below)*
• Failure to complete all formal writing assignments OR completing all formal writing assignments but
with 5-8 late submissions insufficiently communicated to the instructor OR completing all formal
writing assignments in a timely manner but with 5-8 assignments not quite according to the
assignment instructions, with late submissions insufficiently communicated to the instructor*
• Failure to revise the Final Project in accordance with peer and instructor feedback*
• Little participation in class with little commitment to discussion groups and/or group work
• Completing discussion board prompts and responses in ways that fail to engage with the prompt
and/or peers’ responses
Failing the course would result from:
• Absences in severe excess of the attendance policy (+11 or more absences), where excess absences
are insufficiently communicated to the instructor in a timely manner
• Completing less than 4 of the assignments affiliated with Participation (see below)*
• Failure to complete all formal writing assignments and/or failure to complete all formal writing
assignments according to assignment instructions*
• Failure to revise the Final Project*
• No participation in class and no commitment to discussion groups and/or group work
• Failure to complete discussion board prompts and responses
Late Work
Learning to budget time effectively and to adhere to deadlines is an essential skill for
college students and working professionals. Assignments are due as specified in the course
schedule and on Canvas; any assignments turned in after this time will be considered late
and may result in grading penalties. If you have extenuating circumstances and
communicate with me in advance of the due date, accommodations may be possible. Late
work will always be accepted, up to the last week of the semester. I would rather you turn in
an assignment late than never turn it in at all.
During the semester, I will allot you one favor to use however you choose except on the Final
Project and required Conferences (including the Final Project’s component assignments and
peer review). This favor allows you to ask for an extension on an assignment, to turn in an
activity late, to miss a discussion post, etc., and you may “call in” your favor at any point in
the semester (again, barring the Final Project and Conferences). You do not have to explain
why you’re using your favor or provide any details—you only need to let me know you’d like to
use it.
Assignments
Participation
Participation includes the Questionnaire, Syllabus Quiz, required conferences (2 counted
separately in the Grade Agreement), Peer Review for the Final Project, Canvas Activities, and
Canvas Discussion boards. All of these requirements are tangible and calculable, which
means that they are ways that I can definitively identify your participation in class
throughout the semester. Each of these assignments provide means for participation for any
students who may not be as comfortable talking in class and are designed to alleviate
subjective grading of participation as much as possible.
Literacy Autobiography
Your first assignment will be a Literacy Autobiography of 1,000-1,500 words in which you
will articulate how you learned to read and write. In representing your experiences with
writing, you may choose to identify key moments (e.g., when you learned to read, the first
thing you remember reading, the first thing you remember writing, etc.) and your feelings
about reading and writing (e.g., did you used to love reading and writing, and now you hate
it?, do you enjoy certain types of reading or writing, but not others?, etc.).
Media-Cultural Analysis
Early in the semester you will complete a dual cultural and media analysis of either Call of
Duty: Modern Warfare – “Old Comrades,” CoD: MWII – “Kill or Capture,” CoD:
MWII – “Borderline,” CoD: MWII – “Dark Water,” Saving Private Ryan (1998), The Hurt
Locker (2008), or Jarhead (2005) in two sections, for a total of 1,200-1,500 words. Each
section will attend to the cultural and media specificities of the text you’ve chosen and how
such aspects affect how we understand a given story, how we feel or see feelings within a
text, and the differences between writing and other media types as forms of narrative
storytelling.
Close Reading Analysis
You will complete one “traditional” literary analysis essay to demonstrate one of the primary
learning objectives of the course early on, as you will use it from that point forward. For this
assignment, you will complete a Close Reading Analysis of 1,200-1,500 words in two stages
(a draft and revision with revision summary) on your choice between any of the Call of Duty
playthrus from the beginning of the semester, The Alliterative Morte Arthure sections, Saving
Private Ryan, The Hurt Locker, Jarhead, or Unforgiven. In this assignment, you will be asked
to close read a section of the text and develop an argumentative thesis on the particular text
and its use of and/or dependence on culture, medium, language, imagery, etc., to tell its
specific story. You may choose to focus on any element of the text (form, style, word choice,
etc.) but your argument should in some way engage with the specifics of the narrative,
why/how it produces the meaning(s) that it does, and how the intersection of culture and
media affects your understanding of the text.
Final Project
The Final Project for this course is designed to allow you to explore a form or genre of
expository writing of your choosing while experimenting with the themes and central
questions of the course. For this assignment, you have the freedom to choose the type of
writing you will produce from a list of options, and to experiment with various writing
strategies. The assignment is tiered into three phases: (1) drafting, (2) feedback and peer
review, and (3) revision. You will submit your choice for the Final Project option by Monday,
March 18, your Final Project Draft by Wednesday, April 10, complete Peer Review by
Wednesday, April 17, and submit the Final Project Revision & Revision Summary by
Wednesday, May 1. All submissions should be 1,500-3,750 words.
Conferences
One-to-one meetings with me (“conferences”) are a mandatory component of the FWS
experience. Each student will be expected to schedule at least two (2) conferences over the
course of the semester (although you are welcome to schedule more). The first of these
meetings should be scheduled between January 24 and February 9, 2024. The second
should be scheduled between April 12 and 29, 2024. Note that these meetings make up a
portion of the Participation section of the grade agreement and that failure to schedule and
attend them can affect your final grade. If you are unavailable during my regularly
scheduled office hours, please send me an e-mail to schedule an appointment.
Spring 2024 “CoD” Expository Writing Weekly Tasks
These tasks repeat weekly for the majority of the semester. I have listed tasks for you and for me, so that we know what to
expect from each other every week.
Weekday Instructor Tasks (Lisa) Student Tasks
Monday Office Hours: 12-1 PM (Zoom)
Class: 2:55-4:10 PM
Attend class
Complete Discussion Board by 11:59
PM (6 total – see Schedule for dates)
Tuesday N/A N/A
Wednesday Office Hours: 12-1 PM (Zoom)
Class: 2:55-4:10 PM
Attend class
Canvas Activities by 11:59 PM (5 total –
see Schedule for dates)
Thursday N/A N/A
Friday Post Discussion Board prompts N/A
Spring 2024 “CoD” Expository Writing Schedule
Date Readings, etc. Due Assignments Due
M, 1/22 N/A - Course Intro, Syllabus Review N/A
W, 1/24 Syllabus Questions
Icebreakers
Vision Boards
M, 1/29 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare
Playthru: “Old Comrades”
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II
Playthru: “Kill or Capture”
Dan Allen Gaming Interview with
Neil Ellice (Soap) & Samuel Roukin
(Ghost) – Watch 3:34-15:20, 38:10-
40:27, & 55:34-58:34 (~15
minutes)
Questionnaire
W, 1/31 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II
Playthru: “Borderline” & “Dark
Water”
M, 2/5 Baldwin, “Freaks and the American
Ideal of Manhood”
Syllabus Quiz (in class)
Literacy Autobiography
W, 2/7 O’Connor, “Introduction,” Robin and
the Making of American
Adolescence
Mazo-Karras, “Masculinities, Youth,
and the Late Middle Ages”
Canvas Activity – Paraphrasing
M, 2/12 Alliterative Morte Arthure sections Discussion Board
W, 2/14 Saving Private Ryan (1998) Canvas Activity – Direct Quotes
M, 2/19 The Hurt Locker (2008) Discussion Board
W, 2/21 Jarhead (2005) Media-Cultural Analysis
M, 2/26 February Break – No class N/A
W, 2/28 Unforgiven (1992)
Guest Instructor!
Close Reading Draft
M, 3/4 Captain America: The First Avenger
(2011)
W, 3/6 Captain America: The Winter Soldier
(2014)
Canvas Activity – Thesis Statements
M, 3/11 Truth: Red, White, & Black Discussion Board
W, 3/13 Morrison, Home Close Reading Analysis & Revision
Summary
M, 3/18 Morrison, Home
*Last day to drop*
Final Project Option
W, 3/20 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare
Playthru: “Captive”
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II
Playthru: “El Sin Nombre”
Canvas Activity – Concision (In-class,
group activity)
M, 3/25 Zero Dark Thirty (2012) Discussion Board
W, 3/27 G.I. Jane (1997) Canvas Activity - Flow
M, 4/1 Spring Break – No class N/A
W, 4/3 Spring Break – No Class N/A
M, 4/8 Chaucer, “General Prologue” ll. 1-
100, Canterbury Tales
Chaucer, “A Knight’s Tale, Part I”
Discussion Board
W, 4/10 Wonder Woman (2017) Final Project Draft
M, 4/15 Captain Marvel (2019)
W, 4/17 Baldwin, Giovanni’s Room Peer Review
M, 4/22 Baldwin, Giovanni’s Room Discussion Board
W, 4/24 TBD
M, 4/29 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare
Playthru - "Into the Fire”
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II
Playthru – “Alone”
W, 5/1 Writing Day – Bring your laptops! Final Project Revision & Revision
Summary
M, 5/6 TBD
Course Evals – bring your laptops!
Final projects are due by 11:59 PM on Wednesday, May 1, 2024.